Add `@now/node` AWS API (#1258)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/advanced/builders.mdx

- Default export server, such as `module.exports = http.createServer((req, res) => { res.end('hello') })`.
- Server listens on a port, such as `http.createServer((req, res) => { res.end('hello') }).listen(3000)`.

#### AWS Lambda API

> The Node.js builder provides a `config.awsLambdaHandler` to opt into the [AWS Lambda API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/nodejs-prog-model-handler.html). This is useful if you have existing functions you wish to deploy to ZEIT Now but don't want to change the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Node.js Builder provides a `config.awsLambdaHandler` to opt into the [AWS Lambda API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/nodejs-prog-model-handler.html). This is useful if you have existing functions you wish to deploy to ZEIT Now but do not want to change the API.
```

```js
// a file `index.js` exports a `handler` function
exports.handler = async function() {
  return {
    statusCode: 200,
    headers: {},
    body: 'Hello world'
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a caption here?

Author: Done

You can deploy this function with the following `now.json` configuration file:

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [
    {
      "src": "index.js",
      "use": "@now/node",
      "config": { "awsLambdaHandler": "index.handler" }
    }
  ]
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a caption here?

Author: Done
